Create 2024-10-4.md (#191)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-verification/release-notes/2024-10-4.md

> Confirmation of Title 38 eligibility status has been modified to check for the Veteran's service summary code in addition to checking for an active disability rating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated the Veteran's Title 38 eligibility status to check both the service summary code and active disability rating.
```

> A Veteran is confirmed for Title 38 eligibility if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Veteran is confirmed for Title 38 eligibility if they have:
```

> * their service summary code qualifies them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A qualifying service summary code.
```

> * they have an active disability rating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An active disability rating.
```
